hey guys today I'm going to be talking
about texture packs and skins for
Minecraft Pocket Edition that'll be
coming sometime in the future skins we
already know we're going to be making
their way into zero point 11 point 0 but
texture packs are not really sure yet
probably not going to make their way
news your opponent of a point no but I'm
gonna be talking about them anyways
because we have a little bit more
information on it now after the
developers did their Q&A video yesterday
they answered some questions about it so
now we have some more information about
it so I take that picked these two
topics for a specific reason that'll be
getting to later first off I'm going to
be talking about texture packs and how
they're going to work so they're going
to have a folder on your device
somewhere that it's probably under the
the regular minecraft folder and it's
going to read texture packs from there
just like you know a resource pack could
work on minecraft PC pretty
straightforward there and that's pretty
awesome for me because making UMCP mod
locator and stuff it'll make it ten
times easier 100 times easier i don't
know to make it that way so you don't
use block launcher to import stuff
anymore that could you know that kind of
stuff you know it's going to be a little
bit easier a lot easier actually a do
you want to use block launch here
anymore so that's going to be an awesome
feature that we're going to have here in
the future and the way they decided to
do it is also really cool moving on to
skins we already knew that those were
coming in 20 point 11 point no but now
we have some more information so there's
three different things you can do to
change your skin first off you can just
switch between the Steve and Alex skins
that are built into the game what do you
do both of those are you know whatever
then you also can upload a skin from
your device this is the way I wanted
them to do it in the first place because
it is really cool you can just pick it
from your device and upload it to the
game there you go and then the next one
is you can use a skin pack just on like
you know minecraft on the consoles just
a regular skin pack and that's how you
can change it three different ways again
that's going to be really awesome here
in the future because that'll make
changing skins you know with my MCB
modloader mcpe mod locator i should say
home little make it a lot easier to do
that in the future and stuff so you
don't have to use block launcher and run
into issues with that that being said
with mcpe
loader I'm not sure exactly what I'm
going to be doing because zero point 11
point 0 is going to probably make you
know making its way out in March or
April or so so I don't really know if I
should continue with the whole MCPE
modloader thing because once they you
know put out support for skins and
textures and stuff block launcher is
going to be a little bit more irrelevant
as well as MCPE modloader the one thing
I could always focus on of course is as
the name might make you think mods and
mod scripts and stuff because obviously
they're not going to be implementing mod
script support into the game itself so i
was i can continue to work on that but
for the the skins and textures part of
it not really sure what I'm going to do
there because with skins coming in zero
point 11 point oh I guess I didn't even
think about this before kind of feel
stupid for now but I didn't really think
about it before but as skins aren't
going to really be needed in mcpe
modloader and the developer of block
launcher just put out an update now or
you can change your skins on certain
what servers and stuff but again it's
still irrelevant because of the fact the
skins are making their way into zero
point 11 point 0 and skins just work
better with the built-in stuff obviously
so I don't know what I'm going to do
with em to be modloader at this point if
I should continue it I want to know more
you know about the texture pack release
date stuff you know if that's going to
be zero point eleven point oh which I
really don't think it will but if it
does end up being zero point oven point
0 then that's probably when I would just
stop working on texture pack in skin
support and MCB modloader and mainly
focus on mod scripts alone so that is
the news guys i hope you enjoyed this
video tell me what you're excited for
more below skins or texture packs and i
hope to see you all in the next video
thanks for watching